added addis
trying to delete addi: not found
trying to delete mflr: not found
added std
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted std
trying to delete mr: not found
added li
counted li
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted addis
added mr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
added iselgt
added stw
counted stw
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted stw
counted li
counted addis
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted stw
added li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete blr: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stw
counted stw
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
counted mr
added bl
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete addi: not found
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted bl
added extsw
counted li
added rldicr
trying to delete b: not found
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bl
counted li
added xxlxor
added cmpwi
counted bl
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mr
counted li
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted addi
counted bl
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted cmpwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete blr: not found
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted bl
counted extsw
counted li
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted bl
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted rldicr
counted stw
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete mflr: not found
added std
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
added li
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted std
trying to delete stw: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
added nop
counted mr
added li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
added mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
trying to delete blt: not found
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete stdu: not found
added li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
added addi
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted cmpwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted cmpwi
counted bl
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
added stdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted li
counted addi
counted bl
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted li
trying to delete blt: not found
counted li
counted li
added nop
counted nop
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
added b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted b
counted nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted b
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted cmpwi
counted b
counted li
counted addi
counted b
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted li
added extsw
counted rldicr
counted li
counted rldicr
counted stdu
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete blr: not found
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted li
added fcmpu
trying to delete crnor: not found
counted b
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwaux: not found
counted cmpwi
counted b
counted extsw
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted cmpwi
trying to delete bge-: not found
counted li
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted stdu
counted li
added ori
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete stw: not found
counted li
counted ori
counted li
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rldicr
counted stdu
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted stdu
counted rldicr
counted stdu
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete blr: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted b
added nop
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted li
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted b
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
added extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted extsw
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
counted li
counted cmpwi
added bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete b: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted bltlr
added lwzu
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
added nop
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdu
counted mr
counted addi
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted addi
counted mr
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted mr
added cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
added addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted nop
added extsw
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: not found
added addi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
added add
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted extsw
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwzu
added mr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted mr
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
added clrldi
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted add
counted add
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added xsmuldp
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted clrldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwzu
added mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mflr: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted add
trying to delete std: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addis: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted stdu
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted add
counted stdu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted add
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete addi: not found
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added stfd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete extsw: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted stfd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted stfd
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted add
counted stfd
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted add
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: not found
added extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mflr: not found
counted stfd
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted lwzu
trying to delete stfd: deleted
counted fcmpu
added std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
added std
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted clrldi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted add
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
added rldicr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted std
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
added std
counted std
trying to delete blt: not found
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
added rotldi
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rotldi
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
added vspltisw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vspltisw
counted add
counted add
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vspltisw
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted std
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted add
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted vspltisw
counted clrldi
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted ori
counted rotldi
trying to delete oris: not found
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rotldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted clrldi
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted std
counted add
added vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete vslw: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted add
counted add
counted vspltisw
counted clrldi
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted vspltisw
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted clrldi
added std
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted ori
counted add
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
added rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted clrldi
counted rldicl
counted add
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted vspltisw
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vspltisw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
added vslw
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted vslw
counted clrldi
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicl
added oris
counted oris
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
added rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted clrldi
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted clrldi
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
added std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted rldic
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted clrldi
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bne: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted rldic
counted oris
counted oris
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted clrldi
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
added subf
counted add
counted vslw
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted clrldi
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted subf
counted add
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted clrldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldic
counted subf
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted subf
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted subf
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted subf
counted add
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted subf
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted subf
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted clrldi
counted add
counted clrldi
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
added isellt
counted extsw
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
trying to delete bne: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted add
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted extsw
counted xsmuldp
counted rldic
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted extsw
counted subf
counted bltlr
added nop
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted clrldi
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
added extsw
counted extsw
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted add
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
added nop
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted add
counted clrldi
counted subf
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted subf
counted clrldi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted add
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldic
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldic
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rldic
counted clrldi
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted rldic
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added nop
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted clrldi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
added stdu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
added std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi
counted rldic
counted std
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi
counted add
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted add
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldic
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
added nop
counted nop
counted add
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted rldic
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtvsrd: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete beq+: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi
counted isellt
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldic
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted rldic
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
trying to delete stwux: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted rldic
counted std
counted std
counted rldic
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
added std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted clrldi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted rldic
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
added cmplwi
counted add
counted rldic
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
added std
counted rldic
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted oris
counted oris
counted std
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted rldic
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
added rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwzu
added add
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted std
counted cmplwi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
added addi
counted std
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmplwi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted std
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmplwi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
added add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicl
counted std
added addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted std
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added addi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
added add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
added stdu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted stdu
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted rldicl
counted add
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added cmpldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted stdu
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdu
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
added nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted fcmpu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lwzu
added xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldicl
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted add
counted stdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
added nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted stdu
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted fcmpu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete crclr: not found
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
added extsw
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted vslw
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete add: deleted
counted stdu
added addi
counted mfvsrd
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted bltlr
added nop
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
trying to delete beq: not found
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted addi
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted stdu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted stdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted cmpldi
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted xsmuldp
counted stdu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted isellt
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted mfvsrd
added addi
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
trying to delete mcrf: not found
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted stdu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
added addi
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete add: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
added add
counted add
counted stdu
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmpldi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
added std
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted std
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added std
counted oris
counted rldicl
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete subf: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted std
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted std
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted std
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted std
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mfvsrd
added addi
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted extsw
counted std
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
added addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpldi
counted std
added addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted cmpldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
trying to delete add: not found
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted std
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted addi
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted std
counted cmpldi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
added nop
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted addi
counted std
counted isellt
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted extsw
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted std
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted cmpldi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted isellt
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete stw: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stwux: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted std
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
added std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
added std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted oris
trying to delete li: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete subf: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted std
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
added stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted stdx
added addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
trying to delete bne: not found
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpldi
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
added nop
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted stdx
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete lfdux: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted stdx
added cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
added addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added nop
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted cmpld
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
added addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
added addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added nop
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
added nop
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
added addis
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpld
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted isellt
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted cmpld
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted addis
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
added nop
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmpld
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted stdx
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted cmpld
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
added not
counted stdx
counted cmpld
counted isellt
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted cmpld
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rldicl
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted cmpld
counted stdx
trying to delete iselgt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete stb: not found
counted stdx
counted cmpld
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete std: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ble: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
added cmpw
added stw
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete add: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete add: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted cmpw
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicl
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted addis
trying to delete mr: not found
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted cmpw
trying to delete bne: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
added std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
added std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted std
counted addis
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted std
counted cmpw
counted std
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
added addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted std
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted fcmpu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted std
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted addi
counted oris
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
added std
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted std
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted std
counted rldicl
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted bltlr
added addi
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
added addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added xsmuldp
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
added add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
added xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted std
counted cmpw
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted add
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted std
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted isellt
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted isellt
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted cmpw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted isellt
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted isellt
counted add
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted xsadddp
counted std
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted std
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete iselgt: not found
counted std
counted std
counted cmpw
counted std
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmpw
trying to delete std: not found
added std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ble: not found
added extsw
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted cmpw
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted isellt
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete stw: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
added extsw
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted std
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted cmpw
trying to delete bne: not found
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted rldicl
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added std
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
added std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
added stw
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added std
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
added stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmpw
added stw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmpw
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted add
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stw
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
added std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
added std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted std
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: not found
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rldicl
counted std
counted cmpw
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete b: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsadddp
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted std
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
trying to delete bne+: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsadddp
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted add
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted std
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted extsw
counted xsadddp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted cmpw
counted rldicl
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
trying to delete mcrf: not found
counted cmpw
counted rldicl
counted std
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete lfdux: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted add
counted cmpw
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted cmpw
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted std
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted add
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted std
counted add
counted cmpw
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted bltlr
counted cmpw
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted std
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
added clrldi.
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted isellt
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
added std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted std
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted std
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted std
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted std
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
added stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted extsw
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted stdx
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted add
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted stdx
counted add
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted xsmuldp
counted vslw
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete subf: not found
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted isellt
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted isellt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete isellt: deleted
counted add
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted xsmuldp
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted extsw
counted stdx
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
added stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
added stdx
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
trying to delete bne+: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted extsw
counted add
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
added iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
added extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted add
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted stdx
trying to delete extsw: deleted
added extsw
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted stdx
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted add
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
added iselgt
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete blt: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete ble: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete bge: not found
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete bge: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
added stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted extsw
added rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
added rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted oris
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete subf: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
added addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted not
trying to delete add: not found
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdx
added addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted addi
added extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted addi
added extsw
trying to delete add: not found
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
added iselgt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
added addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted lwzu
trying to delete add: not found
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addi
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added addi
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
added rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
added addi
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted addi
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted rldicl
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
added stdx
counted oris
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
added stdx
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted addi
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete bge-: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added addi
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
added addi
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
added iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
added add
counted add
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete subf: not found
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rldicl
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted xsmuldp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq-: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added xsadddp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added extsw
counted xsadddp
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
added rldicr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added rldicr
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
trying to delete stw: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsadddp
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted add
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted extsw
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted li
counted li
added rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted li
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted add
counted li
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted li
counted add
counted li
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
added xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted li
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted li
counted stdx
counted oris
counted li
counted stdx
counted oris
counted li
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted stdx
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted not
counted li
counted add
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted oris
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdx
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdx
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added li
counted stdx
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted li
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted not
counted extsw
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
added iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
added extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted rldicr
counted li
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
added lwax
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
trying to delete subf: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted not
counted not
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
added xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted add
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwax
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete nop: not found
counted extsw
counted lwax
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted lwax
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted add
added rldicl
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete ori: not found
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwax
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rldicl
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwax
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted not
counted fcmpu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwax
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwax
counted add
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted oris
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwax
trying to delete stw: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted oris
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted fcmpu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted oris
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted oris
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwax
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
trying to delete bne-: not found
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted fcmpu
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted oris
counted lwax
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted lwax
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
added xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted stdx
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted lwax
trying to delete xxspltd: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted xsmuldp
counted lwax
counted add
counted not
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwax
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwax
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted add
counted oris
counted rldicl
trying to delete oris: deleted
added ori
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted rldicl
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
added stdx
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted rldicl
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
added stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted lwax
counted add
counted add
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
counted add
added cmpldi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: not found
added stdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted add
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted cmpldi
counted stdx
counted lwax
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
added add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
added clrldi
counted clrldi
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted ori
counted add
counted add
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted clrldi
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted clrldi
counted stdx
counted ori
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwax
counted add
counted ori
counted clrldi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdx
counted iselgt
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rldicl
counted add
counted lwax
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted lwax
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwax
counted ori
counted lwax
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted rldicl
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted stdx
counted lwax
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted fcmpu
counted lwax
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted lwax
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
added ld
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted ld
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted not
counted not
added ldu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
added xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
added xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
trying to delete bge: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted clrldi
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted ldu
counted clrldi
counted iselgt
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted clrldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted ldu
counted clrldi
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted clrldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted add
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted fcmpu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted extsw
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bl: not found
counted fcmpu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
added cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
added ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
added ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
added ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted add
counted rldicl
trying to delete subf: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted stdx
trying to delete ble: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted cmpldi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted ori
counted stdx
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ori
counted iselgt
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ldu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted ldu
added cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted fcmpu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
counted ldu
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
added xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted cmpld
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete beq: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted ldu
counted ori
counted rldicl
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted add
counted cmpld
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
added stdx
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted add
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ori
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted ldu
trying to delete bge: not found
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete lwzux: not found
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne-: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted stdx
counted ori
counted rldicl
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rldicl
counted cmpld
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete beq: not found
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
added add
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted add
counted stdx
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete addi: not found
counted ori
counted cmpld
counted rldicl
counted iselgt
counted cmpld
counted fcmpu
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpld
counted ori
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted add
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted add
counted rldicl
counted add
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted stdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
counted ldu
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted ldu
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
added cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
trying to delete b: not found
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted stdx
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rldicl
counted stdx
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted rldicl
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted add
counted stdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
added rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted add
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted ldu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
added stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted stdx
counted add
counted stdx
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotldi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted stdx
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted stdx
added ori
counted ldu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted add
counted ldu
counted rotldi
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted xsmuldp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rotldi
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted add
counted rotldi
counted cmplwi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
added subf
counted rotldi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsmuldp
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted rotldi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
added xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted not
counted addi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted addi
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted addi
counted xsadddp
counted subf
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted subf
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted ldu
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted ldu
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted subf
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
added add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted subf
trying to delete bne: not found
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted iselgt
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted not
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted mfvsrd
counted ldu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted ldu
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted ldu
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted subf
counted add
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted subf
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted not
counted ldu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted ldu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted cmplwi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ldu
trying to delete li: not found
counted ldu
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
added ori
counted rotldi
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted rotldi
counted add
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete ldu: deleted
added lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted lwa
counted rotldi
counted subf
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted subf
added lwa
counted rotldi
counted lwa
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted add
counted add
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted add
counted ori
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rotldi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete bl: not found
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwa
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted lwa
counted add
counted not
counted lwa
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
added li
counted xsadddp
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted not
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted not
counted not
added lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bge: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added std
counted ori
counted rotldi
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted rotldi
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete subf: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
added ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted lwzu
added ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotldi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
added ori
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted std
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added ori
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted iselgt
counted cmplwi
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted iselgt
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rotldi
counted std
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete addis: not found
counted std
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted xsadddp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted rotldi
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfdux: not found
counted rotldi
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rotldi
added xxlxor
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted cmplwi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted fcmpu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted xxlxor
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted add
counted cmplwi
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted std
counted xxlxor
counted std
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted std
counted xxlxor
counted std
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rotldi
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted iselgt
counted lwzu
counted std
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted rotldi
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted rotldi
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted std
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted iselgt
counted add
counted add
counted std
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted cmplwi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted rotldi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted std
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted std
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
added cmplwi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
added cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted add
counted rotldi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete b: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mflr: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted std
added extsw
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted extsw
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
added subf
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted add
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted ori
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted add
counted rotldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted add
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
counted add
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted ori
counted rotldi
counted ori
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted add
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rotldi
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted subf
trying to delete beq: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted cmplwi
added subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
added add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted subf
added ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
trying to delete bne: not found
counted xxlxor
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted fcmpu
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted add
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted subf
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt+: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted add
counted add
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete crorc: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted xxlxor
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xsnegdp: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted subf
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mfcr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted fcmpu
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted xxlxor
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
added addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xxlxor
added addi
counted lwzu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted fcmpu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xxlxor
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete add: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted subf
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted extsw
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addis: not found
counted subf
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotldi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
added rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete mr: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete fcmpu: not found
added fcmpu
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete mr: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
added fcmpu
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
added addi
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted xxlxor
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete blr: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted addi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
added addi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
added extsw
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added add
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted rldicl
counted cmplwi
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted extsw
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted ori
counted not
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted vslw
counted lwzu
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted not
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted vslw
trying to delete xxmrglw: not found
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted vslw
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted xxlxor
counted vslw
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted xxlxor
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted rldicl
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted ori
counted subf
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted subf
added ori
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted ori
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete ori: not found
counted subf
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted rldicl
added ori
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted xxlxor
added stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted xxlxor
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
trying to delete xscvsxddp: not found
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mtfprwa: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted xxlxor
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwzu
added addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted cmplwi
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
added xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted rldicl
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stxsdx
added addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt-: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addis: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
added addi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
added extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
trying to delete bge: not found
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
added ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete add: not found
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldicl
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
added ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete ldux: not found
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
added ori
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
trying to delete add: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted cmplwi
counted rldicl
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted ori
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
added addis
counted xscmpudp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted extsw
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted extsw
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: not found
added extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addis
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
added xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
added addi
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted not
added extsw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted bltlr
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
added addi
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete mr: not found
counted extsw
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted addi
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addi
added std
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
trying to delete li: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted std
counted lwzu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: not found
added std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicl
trying to delete std: deleted
added oris
added std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
added std
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted std
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted std
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted std
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
trying to delete ld: not found
counted extsw
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted std
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwzu
counted std
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted oris
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted rldicl
counted lwzu
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mfvsrd
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
added lbz
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rldicl
added stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lbz
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted oris
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
added addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted fcmpu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bltlr
added stxsdx
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted fcmpu
counted lbz
added xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lbz
added addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete li: not found
counted stxsdx
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted oris
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted cmplwi
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted extsw
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete std: not found
counted lbz
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
trying to delete std: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted stxsdx
counted oris
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted oris
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted vslw
counted addi
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted vslw
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted cmplwi
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
added rldicr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stxsdx
added add
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted xscmpudp
counted vslw
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted lbz
counted iselgt
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted add
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lbz
added extsw
counted rldicr
counted lbz
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted add
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lbz
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete std: not found
counted add
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
added extsw
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted iselgt
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: not found
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted add
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: not found
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted cmplwi
counted iselgt
counted lbz
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted iselgt
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted cmplwi
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
added lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted stxsdx
added rldicr
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwa
counted stxsdx
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fcmpu
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
added rldicr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
added addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted cmplwi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rldicr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwa
added rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted stxsdx
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted lwa
counted stxsdx
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
added addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwa
added addi
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete std: not found
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stxsdx
trying to delete std: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwa
counted stxsdx
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted fcmpu
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rldicr
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted rldicr
added stw
counted cmplwi
counted stw
counted stw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwa
added cmpwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete std: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwa
counted fcmpu
counted stw
counted oris
counted lwa
counted stw
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stw
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwa
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted stw
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted fcmpu
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwa
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted addi
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
added subf
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted extsw
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted subf
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
added addi
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
added lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted subf
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: not found
added stdx
counted bltlr
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
added addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
added rldicr
counted stdx
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bltlr
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
added subf
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted addi
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted not
counted extsw
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted lwa
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete iselgt: not found
counted addi
counted addi
added extsw
counted cmpwi
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
added iselgt
counted bltlr
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: not found
counted oris
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
added cmplwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
added extsw
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwa
added addi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
added rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
added addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted rldicr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
added addi
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted subf
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
added add
counted rldicr
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted cmplwi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted add
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted add
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
added lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
added cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted subf
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted add
added rldicr
counted subf
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted lwa
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted oris
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
added lwa
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
added rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted fcmpu
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted add
counted extsw
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
added rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldicr
counted cmpldi
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
trying to delete bge-: not found
counted lwa
counted add
counted extsw
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted add
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete b: not found
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted subf
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted extsw
added rldicr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete lwzux: not found
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted subf
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted oris
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lwa
counted oris
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
added add
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted add
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted lwa
counted add
counted oris
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted subf
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted lwa
counted fcmpu
counted oris
counted cmpldi
counted oris
counted add
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
counted rldicr
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted lwa
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted oris
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted subf
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq-: not found
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted xscmpudp
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwa
added rldic
counted subf
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwa
counted cmpldi
counted cmpldi
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted add
counted subf
counted subf
counted oris
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldic
counted add
counted rldic
counted subf
counted rldic
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted add
counted subf
added clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
counted add
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted add
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldic
counted subf
counted oris
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
added ld
counted rldic
counted subf
trying to delete ori: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted rldic
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted ld
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted mfvsrd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
trying to delete li: not found
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rldic
counted ld
counted rldic
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted rldic
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted rldic
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted ld
counted not
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted rldic
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted rldic
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted rldic
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted ld
trying to delete addi: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted rldic
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted rldic
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rldic
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted add
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted add
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ld
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted add
added iselgt
counted subf
counted add
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted mfvsrd
counted add
counted ld
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted ld
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted ld
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
counted oris
counted rldic
trying to delete oris: deleted
added ori
counted mfvsrd
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted add
counted add
added rldicl
trying to delete addi: not found
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicl
trying to delete ld: deleted
added lwa
counted rldicl
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwa
counted rldicl
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted iselgt
added addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
counted rldicl
counted subf
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwa
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete rldicr: not found
added addi
counted ori
counted lwa
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted rldicl
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted fcmpu
trying to delete extsw: deleted
added extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted fcmpu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwa
added addis
counted xscmpudp
counted lwa
counted addis
counted lwa
counted addis
counted lwa
trying to delete crmove: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete nop: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicl
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted addis
counted not
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted lwa
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted subf
counted rldicl
added ori
counted lwa
counted subf
counted ori
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwa
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwa
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted clrldi.
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted lwa
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwa
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
added ld
counted bltlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted clrldi.
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ld
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted fcmpu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted fcmpu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete blr: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted fcmpu
counted addis
counted extsw
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete beq: not found
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted fcmpu
counted addis
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete b: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted clrldi.
added andi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted andi.
counted clrldi.
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted andi.
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted andi.
counted fcmpu
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ble: not found
counted fcmpu
counted andi.
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted mfvsrd
counted andi.
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted fcmpu
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted mfvsrd
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
trying to delete stw: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted andi.
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
trying to delete bge: not found
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted andi.
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stb: not found
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
trying to delete stw: not found
counted iselgt
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
counted subf
counted extsw
trying to delete li: not found
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete addis: not found
counted subf
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted clrldi.
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rldicl
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted andi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete addis: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ble: not found
counted subf
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted fcmpu
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ble: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted extsw
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
added extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted fmr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fmr
added addis
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
trying to delete ble: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted addis
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bge: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
added fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stw: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted addis
counted subf
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mfvsrd
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted xscmpudp
counted clrldi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted clrldi.
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mfvsrd: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
added mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bne: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete iseleq: not found
added extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bltlr
trying to delete isel: not found
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
added addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
added addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted clrldi.
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted xscmpudp
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
added extsw
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
added stxsdx
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
added stxsdx
trying to delete ble: not found
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
added subf
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
added addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted addi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
added addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted mr
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: not found
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted lxvd2x
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted ori
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted ori
counted ori
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete crand: not found
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted ori
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
added oris
counted oris
counted mr
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
added rotldi
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted subf
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted addi
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted subf
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xscmpudp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted clrldi.
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
added mtctr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted subf
trying to delete mr: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete std: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
added mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted clrldi.
added subf
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted subf
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted addi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted subf
counted rotldi
added mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted fmr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted subf
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted oris
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted oris
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mr
counted subf
counted oris
counted clrldi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted mr
counted subf
counted subf
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted subf
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted extsw
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotldi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
added addi
added iselgt
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
added extsw
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mr
added addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
trying to delete blt: not found
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted oris
counted mr
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete std: not found
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mr
added add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted add
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
added addi
counted clrldi.
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted clrldi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdu
added cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted rotldi
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted mr
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted stdu
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotldi
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted stdu
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdu
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted fmr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
added fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete fcmpu: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bne: not found
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted addi
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
counted fmr
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted oris
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rotldi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
trying to delete lwa: not found
added addi
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted bltlr
counted stdu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted stdu
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted stdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdu
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: not found
counted mr
counted stdu
counted stdu
trying to delete stdu: deleted
added std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted lxvd2x
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted lxvd2x
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted mr
added std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted std
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted rotldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted rotldi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted std
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted fmr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted std
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted mr
counted std
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted std
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted std
counted cmpld
counted rotldi
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted std
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted std
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmpld
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted extsw
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted oris
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
added addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
added subf
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted rotldi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted fmr
counted rotldi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted subf
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted cmpld
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotldi
counted subf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted rotldi
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted subf
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
added add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted subf
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted cmpld
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted cmpld
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted add
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted cmpld
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmpld
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted fmr
counted rotldi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added stdux
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
added mr
counted mr
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
trying to delete b: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted add
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotldi
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted rotldi
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted rotldi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mr
counted add
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete ble: not found
counted cmpld
counted extsw
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
trying to delete bge: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted rotldi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rotldi
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotldi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted rotldi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted rotldi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: not found
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stfd: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted rotldi
added mr
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
added addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted fmr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: not found
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmpld
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted mr
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rotldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rotldi
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted stdux
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
added addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
added add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted add
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted add
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
added mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted cmpld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete std: not found
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted cmpld
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted rotldi
counted cmpld
counted add
counted fmr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: not found
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted mr
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rotldi
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotldi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rotldi
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mr
added rldic
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: deleted
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
added addi
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
added addis
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted xsnegdp
added isel
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
counted addis
counted isel
counted cmpld
counted isel
counted isel
counted isel
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted stdux
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldic
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: not found
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mr
counted rldic
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldic
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rldic
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldic
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldic
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted cmpld
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted rldic
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted rldic
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldic
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete add: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted rldic
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldic
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted extsw
counted stdux
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted rldic
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted rldic
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addis
counted rldic
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted addis
counted rldic
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldic
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted rldic
counted addis
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rldic
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addis
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldic
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mr
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted rldic
counted mr
counted addis
counted mr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldic
counted stdux
counted mr
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted rldic
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mr
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted rldic
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldic
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rldic
counted stdux
trying to delete add: not found
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
added mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted rldic
trying to delete oris: deleted
added ori
counted mr
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted mr
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted stdux
added rldicl
counted addis
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added li
counted cmpld
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addis
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ori
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ori
counted ori
counted mr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted stdux
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted rldicl
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted fmr
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpld
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted stdux
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
added oris
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted mr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted rldicl
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted cmpld
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addis
counted cmpld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted addis
counted cmpld
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rldicl
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
added extsw
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
added addi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted crand
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
added add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted add
counted add
counted stdux
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted crand
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted oris
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted add
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete beq: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted stdux
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete addi: not found
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
counted crand
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted add
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted add
counted add
counted vslw
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted add
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted stdux
counted add
counted mr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted stdux
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted add
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
added fmr
counted fmr
counted add
counted add
counted isel
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted fmr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted lxvd2x
counted isel
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted isel
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted isel
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted isel
added addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted stdux
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted crand
counted not
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
added mr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
added addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted oris
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
added addi
counted oris
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rldicl
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bge: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted bltlr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicl
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
added addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
added rldicr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
added mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted crand
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rldicr
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
added rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted crand
counted oris
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted mr
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted mr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted crand
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted crand
trying to delete stw: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted oris
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete subf: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rotlwi
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted rotlwi
added mtocrf
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtocrf
counted lxvd2x
counted mtocrf
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtocrf
trying to delete add: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtocrf
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted mtocrf
counted lxvd2x
counted mtocrf
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added mtctr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete mtvsrd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted mtctr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete vsrad: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted mtctr
counted vslw
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete vmrglw: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted vslw
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete mfvsrd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete mfvsrd: not found
counted rotlwi
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted rotlwi
counted vslw
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted mtctr
added lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
added lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxmrgld: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stfdu: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted isel
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
trying to delete lfdux: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted mtctr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted addis
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted mtctr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted bltlr
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mtctr
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted crand
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted fmr
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted extsw
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted mtctr
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted addis
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxspltd: not found
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
trying to delete std: not found
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: not found
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted rotlwi
trying to delete std: not found
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted stdux
counted extsw
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete b: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mtvsrd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted fmr
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted crand
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addis
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
added mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addis
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete mfcr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted crand
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete blt: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted fmr
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted fmr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted crand
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted rotlwi
counted oris
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted mr
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted oris
counted mr
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xsnegdp
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
added extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted addis
trying to delete subf: not found
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mr
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addis
counted mr
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
counted rotlwi
trying to delete xori: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted mr
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete subf.: not found
counted mr
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete subf.: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted crand
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
trying to delete xvmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete cror: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvadddp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete beq: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
added fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
added mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lfsx: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mr
counted addis
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted stdux
counted mr
counted crand
counted isel
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted isel
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete mtlr: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted addis
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete fcmpu: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
added mr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted isel
counted crand
counted stdux
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted isel
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
trying to delete std: not found
counted addis
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted addis
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted crand
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete b: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: not found
counted isel
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
added extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted isel
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted mr
counted addis
counted crand
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addis
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mr
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
added extsw
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete crmove: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted fmr
counted crand
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete fcmpu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted mr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete ble: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
added mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted crand
counted extsw
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted addis
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added mr
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stdux
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete ble: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stw: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete bge-: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
added mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete ble: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtlr: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete mflr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stw: not found
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete blt+: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addis
added mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtctr
counted addis
trying to delete add: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted fmr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted mtctr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addis
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addis
counted lxvd2x
added mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted mtlr
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
trying to delete beq-: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stw: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
added addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
trying to delete lwzux: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted extsw
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted stdux
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete bge: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted extsw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted addi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mtlr
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted stdux
added addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted addi
counted isel
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted isel
counted isel
counted isel
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
added addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
added addi
counted isel
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted extsw
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted addi
added extsw
counted mtlr
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted mtlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted extsw
counted lxvd2x
counted crand
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted bltlr
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted addi
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
added ori
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxvd2x
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mtlr
counted lxvd2x
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
added li
counted stdux
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted not
counted li
trying to delete stw: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted li
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mtlr
counted li
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted li
counted mtlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted crand
counted li
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted li
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted addi
counted isel
counted mtlr
counted li
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted li
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted crand
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted bltlr
added andi.
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted li
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted li
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted li
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted andi.
counted not
added lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted crand
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted andi.
counted isel
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
added addi
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
added andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted andi.
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
added addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
added addi
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted fmr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
added addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete beq: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted lwzu
trying to delete beq: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted fmr
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted fmr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lwzu
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
added andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted andi.
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete b: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted extsw
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete li: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted mtlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted andi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted andi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted mtlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted andi.
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
added addi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted lwzu
added addi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mtlr
counted crand
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted crand
counted extsw
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
added ori
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete mr: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted extsw
added li
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted li
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted li
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted xsnegdp
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted mtlr
counted li
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted li
counted bltlr
counted li
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addi
counted li
counted isel
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted li
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted mtlr
counted crand
counted not
counted fmr
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted li
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mtlr
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted li
counted addi
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted li
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted fmr
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted li
counted mtlr
counted li
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mtlr
counted li
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mtlr
counted li
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted li
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted li
counted mtlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stdux
counted addi
added ld
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
added andi.
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete li: not found
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ld: deleted
added li
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
added lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted crand
counted andi.
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
added li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted li
counted crand
counted li
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted crand
counted li
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted mtlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted andi.
counted li
counted li
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete addis: not found
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted stdux
added lwa
counted lwa
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted andi.
counted mtlr
added ld
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted crand
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted andi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted ld
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted ld
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ld
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
added lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted crand
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted isel
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete li: not found
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxsdx
counted ori
counted ori
counted stdux
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mtlr
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted andi.
counted isel
counted andi.
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted andi.
counted crand
counted fmr
counted andi.
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted lxsdx
counted not
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted lxsdx
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted crand
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted extsw
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted mtlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted andi.
counted isel
trying to delete subf: not found
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted mtlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lxsdx
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lxsdx
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted xsnegdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted mtlr
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lxsdx
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added lbz
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted andi.
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete stw: not found
counted rotlwi
added ori
counted lbz
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted andi.
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete li: not found
counted andi.
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted mtlr
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted andi.
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lbz
counted mtlr
counted lbz
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lbz
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
added addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
added addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
added addi
counted lbz
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lbz
counted lbz
added addi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete ble: not found
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mtlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
added fmr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mtlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted addi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mtlr
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtlr
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted addi
trying to delete std: not found
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mtlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
added addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete xsadddp: not found
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtlr
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtlr
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted extsw
counted mtlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
added addi
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted mtlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
added mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
trying to delete std: not found
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
added lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
added fmr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted extsw
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lbz
counted mflr
trying to delete std: not found
counted addi
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted ori
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted ori
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lbz
added addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stdux
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted addi
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted not
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted crand
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted vslw
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
counted vslw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stdux
trying to delete add: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted vslw
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lbz
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
added add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted add
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete stwu: not found
counted add
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted add
counted add
counted stdux
counted add
counted add
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted add
counted mflr
counted lbz
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted fmr
counted add
counted add
counted isel
counted bltlr
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted add
counted mflr
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted add
counted lbz
counted isel
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted isel
counted add
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted isel
counted add
counted lbz
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete iselgt: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mflr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bge: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted add
trying to delete mr: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted add
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted add
counted add
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted mflr
trying to delete lfdux: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted add
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: deleted
added addi
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted ori
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
trying to delete lis: not found
counted addi
trying to delete std: not found
counted ori
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted ori
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted vslw
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lbz
trying to delete addis: not found
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted addi
counted vslw
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vslw
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vslw
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
added addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
counted vslw
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted addi
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted xsnegdp
counted vslw
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted vslw
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted ori
counted stdux
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted ori
counted stdux
counted addi
counted ori
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted mflr
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted crand
trying to delete subf: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted addi
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted isel
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted mflr
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted not
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete xsabsdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted mflr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete add: not found
counted stdux
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted isel
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted isel
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted isel
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted isel
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted crand
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
added extsw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lbz
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted extsw
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted addi
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted lbz
added addi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted lbz
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted crand
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted stdux
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete beq: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted not
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted extsw
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
trying to delete rldic: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwzx: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted extsw
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted lbz
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lbz
added addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lbz
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lbz
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted lbz
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lbz
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted stdux
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
added lwz
counted lwz
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwz
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwz
counted extsw
counted lwz
counted not
counted lwz
counted extsw
counted mflr
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete lwz: deleted
added ld
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stwx: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted ld
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mfocrf: not found
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted ld
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted ld
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ld
counted addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ld
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted crand
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted addi
counted ld
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted stdux
counted ld
counted mflr
trying to delete rotldi: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted ld
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
trying to delete std: not found
counted ld
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete add: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted crand
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
added ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted isel
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted li
counted addi
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted mflr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted extsw
counted li
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted addi
counted extsw
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
trying to delete std: not found
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted addi
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bltlr
added fmr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted fmr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted mflr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: not found
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted addi
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted fmr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted stdux
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mflr
counted crand
added li
counted stdux
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addi
counted stdux
counted isel
counted crand
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted li
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted addi
counted li
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete iselgt: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted li
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted extsw
counted li
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete std: not found
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted stdux
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted li
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted extsw
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted addis
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted addis
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted li
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted addis
trying to delete mcrf: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted li
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted stdux
counted li
counted rotlwi
added addis
counted mflr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted crand
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted addis
trying to delete ble: not found
counted li
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted li
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted addis
counted li
counted mflr
counted li
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
counted li
counted crand
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted li
counted isel
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted isel
counted addis
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted addis
counted addis
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted li
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted mflr
counted li
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted li
counted crand
trying to delete ble: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mflr
counted addis
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted addis
counted li
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mflr
counted li
counted crand
counted addis
trying to delete blt: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mflr
counted addis
counted crand
counted li
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mflr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted mflr
counted addis
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted li
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted mflr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted li
counted addis
counted li
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted li
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted rotlwi
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted li
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted mflr
counted li
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted li
counted not
counted not
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
counted fmr
counted li
counted addis
counted li
counted crand
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted addis
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mflr
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mflr
counted li
counted addis
counted not
counted not
counted li
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted li
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mflr
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted fmr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted li
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted li
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted mflr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addis
counted not
counted not
added lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mflr
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted mflr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete ble: not found
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted stdux
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted addis
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addis
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted extsw
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted addis
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted mflr
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addis
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted fmr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted addis
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete xxlxor: not found
counted crand
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted crand
trying to delete iselgt: not found
added add
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted add
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted mflr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted crand
trying to delete nop: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
added extsw
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted mflr
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted crand
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
added extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mflr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
added fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted isel
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted crand
counted add
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lfd: not found
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
trying to delete addis: not found
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete li: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lwzu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mflr
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete li: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete ble: not found
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted add
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted mflr
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted add
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted add
counted lwzu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted mflr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted stdux
counted add
counted crand
trying to delete stw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
trying to delete xsdivdp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted add
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lwzu
counted add
counted not
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fmr
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lwzu
counted add
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted lwzu
counted rotlwi
counted lwzu
counted xsnegdp
counted lwzu
counted add
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lwzu
counted lwzu
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted lwzu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted mflr
counted lwzu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
added ld
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ld
counted crand
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete addi: not found
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted add
counted add
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted add
counted rotlwi
counted add
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted add
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
added extsw
counted stdux
counted ld
counted stdux
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
added ori
counted ld
counted add
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted extsw
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted mflr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted ori
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted ori
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted add
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mulli: not found
counted rotlwi
counted add
counted add
counted rotlwi
counted add
trying to delete subf: not found
counted stdux
counted ori
counted mflr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ld: not found
added lwa
counted lwa
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
added ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted stdux
counted add
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete add: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted ld
added addi
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted extsw
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mflr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted ori
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted ld
added addi
trying to delete mulhdu: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rotlwi
added addi
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rotlwi
added ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
added ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
added addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted mflr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted mflr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mflr
counted addi
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted ld
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted addi
counted extsw
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted ld
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted mflr
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted ld
counted bltlr
counted not
counted ld
counted stdux
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdux
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
added li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: not found
counted li
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted li
counted li
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdux
trying to delete li: deleted
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
added lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted isel
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted addi
counted isel
counted crand
counted isel
counted isel
counted isel
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: not found
counted isel
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
trying to delete iselgt: not found
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted isel
counted crand
trying to delete ble-: not found
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
added extsw
counted addi
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
added fmr
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mflr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
counted mflr
trying to delete bne: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted fmr
added extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
added addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mflr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
added extsw
trying to delete std: not found
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted stdux
counted mflr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted lfdu
added ori
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete subf: not found
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted ori
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted mflr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
added ori
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted addi
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted mflr
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted not
counted addi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
trying to delete ble: not found
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted fmr
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted addi
counted isel
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete mtctr: not found
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
added addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
added add
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted fmr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted add
counted isel
counted mflr
counted lfdu
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted add
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted add
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted add
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted add
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted add
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
added add
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted add
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted add
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lwzu: not found
counted mflr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted crand
trying to delete crorc: not found
counted bltlr
counted add
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted add
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted crand
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted not
counted add
counted add
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted add
counted lfdu
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted add
counted ori
counted lfdu
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted add
counted not
counted not
trying to delete add: deleted
added addi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
added ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rotlwi
added oris
counted oris
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted crand
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
added addi
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete add: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
trying to delete lxvd2x: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete li: not found
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted addi
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted lfdu
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted addi
counted oris
counted rotlwi
counted oris
trying to delete ori: not found
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted oris
counted stdux
counted addi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted stdux
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
added fcmpu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted addi
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mflr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted addi
counted stdux
trying to delete clrldi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
added addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted rotlwi
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted stdux
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete stdx: not found
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete subf: not found
counted rotlwi
counted addi
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
added lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mflr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted fcmpu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: not found
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete ble: not found
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete lbz: not found
counted addi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete andi.: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete ldu: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
added addi
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mflr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete mtocrf: not found
counted mflr
trying to delete mtlr: not found
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addis: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
added mr
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted crand
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lfdu
added mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lfdu
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
added mr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mr
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted crand
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
added mr
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted xsnegdp
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted not
counted rotlwi
trying to delete lwax: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmplw: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bltlr
counted fcmpu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xssubdp: not found
added addi
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete lbz: not found
added andi.
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete xsmuldp: not found
counted xsnegdp
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted mr
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: not found
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpld: not found
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted fcmpu
trying to delete lwa: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete fmr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted mr
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted crand
trying to delete bne: not found
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted xsnegdp
counted andi.
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted not
counted xsnegdp
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted crand
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted andi.
counted lfdu
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmpdi: not found
counted mr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bltlr
counted not
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
added mtctr
counted lfdu
counted andi.
counted not
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: not found
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted andi.
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted stdux
counted bltlr
added trap
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
added addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addis
counted addis
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted addis
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete blt: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete cmpd: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addis
trying to delete ld: not found
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
trying to delete std: not found
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted addis
counted lfdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
trying to delete b: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete cntlzw: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted not
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete mtlr: not found
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted not
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete rlwinm: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
trying to delete rlwinm: not found
counted not
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete b: not found
counted not
counted not
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted crand
trying to delete beq: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
trying to delete blt: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpldi: not found
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete ori: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted stdux
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted not
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete b: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
trying to delete ld: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted stdux
added addis
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
trying to delete nop: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: not found
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted bltlr
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted addis
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lfdu
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addis
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete lwz: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpw: not found
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete b: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete std: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
trying to delete blr: not found
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete cntlzw: not found
counted rotlwi
counted not
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
trying to delete std: not found
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
trying to delete b: not found
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted stdux
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted not
counted lfdu
trying to delete stw: not found
counted oris
counted lfdu
counted xsnegdp
counted crand
counted rotlwi
counted stdux
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete std: not found
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted lfdu
trying to delete li: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bl: not found
counted not
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted crand
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted isel
counted stdux
counted stdux
counted crand
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted addis
trying to delete stw: not found
counted stdux
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted bltlr
counted not
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted mtctr
counted stdux
counted bltlr
counted not
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted crand
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted not
counted not
counted not
trying to delete nop: not found
counted lfdu
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted stdux
counted stdux
trying to delete bdz: not found
counted crand
counted bltlr
counted stdux
trying to delete mr: not found
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: not found
counted lfdu
trying to delete mtlr: not found
counted bltlr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stdux
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lfdu
counted bltlr
counted not
result: bltlr 6373
